song hyun
serves as a catholic priest to provide
ministry to the patients among the
nurses at the hospital is nurse you
who later goes into confession for
having suicidal thoughts
sanguine advises her to pray more as
taking one's own life is worse than
murder
songhun is dedicated to his life of
volunteering and serving the sick with
this he decides to participate in an
experiment for the cure of the immanuel
virus the research director explains the
side effects of the disease and asks
seongyun questions about why he wants to
volunteer
songhun eventually gets accepted and is
immediately admitted to the lab quarters
along with him are other volunteers who
are willing to contribute to science and
medicine
after being infected he is examined as
his condition worsens blisters and
rashes begin to appear in his skin and
his fingernails are coming off
he plays the flute to cure his boredom
and blood comes out of his mouth out of
nowhere
sonjun loses consciousness and is
brought to the emergency room for
immediate medical attention
there blood transfusion is done to
preserve his life but he dies shortly
after the doctors announce his death but
they realize that he is still breathing
as they are about to leave the room
six months later song kyung is released
after his rapid and unexpected recovery
noose travels fast and multiple people
think that he has healing powers
they even flock around the research
facility to ask song hyun to heal them
which is very new to him
as song hyun is still in the process of
recovery he pays visits to dr ku
to monitor his health
song hyun tells the doctor about feeling
nauseous and having heightened senses
however dr kuh is confident that song
hyun is free from the virus already
later that day father wrote
congratulate song hyun for being the
only survivor among the 50 volunteers
while song hyun is holding a fun event
for children diagnosed with cancer mrs
raw
hurriedly approaches him she begs song
hyun to check on her son kang woo
his childhood friend he also meets kang
wu's wife tatu
and they all talk about how life has
been in their unlikely reunion
after some days the family invites song
to their home to celebrate kang wu's
miraculous recovery mrs raw offers him
food but son heun gets to the ground
after smelling a whiff of blood taejoo
immediately runs to the bathroom
realizing that she is on her period
other guests arrive and kang woo
introduces song hyun to young do
his wife evelyn
and sonde
after they are all complete they gather
around the table to play a game of
mahjong
in the middle of the game kangwoo grabs
taiju to make fun of her and she falls
in the process
sankyun offers to help her but she gets
up on her own
filled with annoyance taejoo attempts to
hit her husband but she changes her mind
after grabbing everyone's attention that
night song hyun's senses become out of
control making him hear smell and feel
everything around him he falls to the
ground after he couldn't take the
unfamiliar feeling anymore leaving him
unconscious
at daybreak song hyun feels a burning
sensation in his skin as sunlight enters
his room
after realizing that he has to take
cover song hyun spends the whole day
inside his closet
at the hospital nurse you inform song
hyun about a patient losing an excessive
amount of blood
he prays over the woman's body while
being distracted by her blood
song hyun can't help but crave for it
causing him to stutter as he utters the
final rites while holding his hands
together in prayer songhun abruptly
licks the blood
later that night song hyun lies at an
unconscious patient's bedside to drink
blood giving in to his desires
after doing so he notices that his face
becomes clear from the rashes and
blisters that were once evident as guilt
overtakes him songhun decides to jump
out of the window in an attempt to take
his own life
however he is unsuccessful after
surviving the drop
meanwhile kaiju stops her impulses to
hurt kang wu by running around the
neighborhood
she does this to distract herself from
destructive thoughts toward her husband
and to drain herself to sleep
as if nothing happened song hyun walks
around the town where he sees taejoo
barefoot and in her sleeping gown
she quickly runs away but song hyun
lifts her and gives her his shoes
upon doing her a favor song hyun
intently looks at her back where he sees
blood flowing through her veins
with growing concerns about his
situation song hyun consults father roh
about it he lets him hold his heart
through an incision in his chest which
seems nothing to him
songhun suspects that the vampire blood
is the one that saved him from the virus
and is the cause of his sinful desires
despite that the symptoms of the virus
only go away when he drinks sufficient
blood as sangin expresses his hardships
father ro cuts himself to extract blood
from his system he does this to spare
song hyun from sin for the night at
least
one night song hyun visits teiju in
their shop where she replaces his shoe
at that moment he is sure of his
attraction toward the married woman and
they start to make love after hearing
that song hyun serves at the hospital on
sundays taiju meets up with him to have
an intimate moment once again
before they begin songhun tells taiju
that they're a fair must end as he does
not want to wind up in hell
although he clarifies that they are
giving in to sin taejoo still wants to
see him while they make love song hyun
takes several bites of taiju but she
does not mind as it also satisfies her
shortly after song hyun finally reveals
what he really is to taiju making her
retreat in fear
he shows his true self by drinking one
of the patient's blood to regain her
trust song hyun comes to tai zhu's house
to persuade her into running away with
him to his disappointment taiju is still
shocked about his true identity and
declines his offer
after some time taejoo gets in contact
with song hyun once again curious to
know more about vampires both of them
meet and spend time together as seongyun
shows off his skills and superhuman
powers
songhun then notices bruises on her and
assumes that kang woo is the cause which
she sheepishly confirms
father ro offers more of his blood back
in the monastery but song hume
respectfully declines the offer for many
years father roh has been blind and he
requests song hyun to give him vampire
blood so he could see again
in disgust song hyun walks out of the
room claiming that he is no longer a
priest
in search of a new shelter he decides to
move into mrs ra's house where he
secretly beds her daughter-in-law one
night mrs raw leaves for the town and
locks taiju with kangmu to assure that
she won't leave him while she's away to
grab seongyun's attention and ask for
help she stabs herself in the leg
igniting his sense of smell
thinking that kang wu is responsible for
her wounds song hyun immediately storms
into their room
in there he attempts to kill kang wu but
taejoo begs him not too
instead all three of them decide to go
on a fishing trip where song hyun and
tae joo debate killing kang woo a knife
is pointed at kang wu making him realize
his unfortunate fate
song kun throws him out of the water
where kang wu fights for his life
before song hyun kills the poor man he
asks taiju one last time if that's what
she wants
sure of her decision she holds her
husband's life by a threat and orders
the priest to kill kang woo not long
after the officials arrive at the scene
and the duo makes it look like an
accident
after the incident song hyun comes to
father ro to confess his sins especially
killing kangmu
as he grows weaker upon having the
symptoms of the virus back it leaves him
no choice but to kill father ro
after he feeds on his superior's blood
sanguine drives near the ocean to get
rid of the corpse
meanwhile mrs roth is more than
devastated about her son's death
spiraling her into alcoholism as she
fights her grief it only leaves her
feeling extreme emotions and she is
admitted to the hospital
mrs raw recovers but ends up completely
paralyzed
young do has grown closer to kang wu's
family so he tries to console taehoo in
their meeting young dude tries to make a
move on her but she hesitates
however she eventually gives in and
decides to make love with her husband's
best friend
to her surprise she bumps into song hyun
outside and he sniffs her with young do
sent all around her body it is enough
evidence to create tension between tae
joo and song yoon
later that night they celebrate mrs ra's
birthday with a cake making tae ju sad
as she never once had a party
song hyun calms her down and says that
they will have a party on her birthday
as they embrace tae joo accidentally
admits that kang woo never hurt her the
confession immediately puts song hyun in
a state of rage because he only killed
her husband to protect her their
argument becomes more heated when they
point fingers at each other for who
caused kang wu's death mrs raw listens
in horror but her immobility makes her
helpless to make matters worse visions
of kang will appear out of nowhere while
they throw hurtful words at each other
taejoo eventually breaks into tears and
sincerely asks seong yoon to take her
life
according to taichu she wants to be with
kangwoo once again as he is the one who
truly loved her song obliges and snaps
her neck but regrets it instantly
he realizes that he does not want to be
alone and retrieves her life by feeding
tay to his blood
after suspenseful minutes taiju awakens
as a vampire while mrs raw witnesses
everything in horror
since then both of them sleep during the
day and awaken at night unlike her past
self taehoo has developed a new kind of
vigor as if she has been reborn
because mrs ra is still under her care
she continuously feeds her and provides
her with basic necessities the following
night song hyun and taju go to the
station for a lie detector test after
passing the interview with flying colors
they go home separately to avoid any
suspicion
on our way home taiju contacts one of
the officials asking about the interview
little did he know she has locked her
eyes on him as a target taiju stops his
car and drags him into the woods where
she mercilessly feeds on his blood
as song hyun and taeju meet he realizes
what she has done and reprimands her for
killing carelessly
for songhun their source of blood should
be from people who are vulnerable
recalling nurse you dying willingly
their exchange of words turns into
another argument and songhun chases
taiju across the neighborhood as they
use their superhuman strength in a
battle the debate about what is ethical
and what is not during a weekly mahjong
game they all get together for the first
time after kangmu's passing before the
game ends mrs raw manages to communicate
to young doo song day and evelyn through
the mahjong tiles and some eye movements
after several yes or no questions mrs
raw makes it clear that song hyun and
tae joo teamed up to kill her son
all three of them are taken aback by the
revelation leaving them speechless
as soon day exits the room taejoo
punches him so hard that he snaps his
neck
it leaves young due and evelyn running
for their life along the deadly hallways
that the duo painted white taiju kills
young dude by strangulation just before
song hyun can stop her at this point
she's uncontrollable
in the living room evelyn is tied beside
mrs rock and she manages to get a hold
of a knife
instead of escaping outside she attempts
to killtate you by stabbing her in the
chest it is ineffective as she is an
immortal making her taunt and scare
evelyn before she could plan another
kill song hyun reprimands taejoo and
leaves the poor lady bee
however taiju finds song hyun drinking
evelyn's blood for himself
song hyun tae joo and mrs ra take a
drive to flee from the crime scene after
he persuades her to escape
they drive all night and arrive at a
deserted place without any form of
shelter except their car
meanwhile evelyn regains her
consciousness unharmed songhum pretended
to kill and drink her blood to protect
her from taejoo
teju realizes that song hyun has tricked
him into believing that they will escape
to safety
all along he plans to die in each
other's arms as the sun rises although
she has no means to save herself from
ultimate death taejoo tries to hide in
the truck
seonkyoung gets rid of any alternative
and throws the trunk cover into the
ocean
eventually taiju accepts their fate and
sits with songhun as they wait for the
sunlight with a bright light stretching
from the horizon the couple suffers a
slow burn while mrs raw watches in
satisfaction from the backseat
a conflict between good and evil is the
central theme of the story it lies
between song hyun's priesthood and his
bloodthirsty self to make sound
decisions
he tries to reason himself and justify
his actions as a need more than a want
with every kill to him his life of
serving the sick and needy while being a
priest can compensate for his sins
despite needing to kill and drink blood
songhun has not entirely turned
heartless unlike taejoo in the end song
hyun has had enough of inflicting harm
on others and brought judgment upon
himself and tatum
[Music]
you